# Experimenting

So I created a flow in N8N to generate the pictures we needed to see different parameters at play. 

I chose the following setup for this:
- 4 different prompts:
  - A very specific prompt with a lot of details for the VLM to follow
    - A blue fischer parrot dancing on top of a cat's head. Exactly 4 monarch butterfilies flying around the parrot. In front of the cat there are 5 balls, with planet patterns. The balls are in a puddle. Ultrarealistic, hyper realistic, 8k, high definition
  - A specific prompt with less details:
    - A beautiful ballerina dancing on a stage with a dress made out of real fire. Ballerina's full body should be visible. Ultrarealistic, hyper realistic, 8k, high definition, realistic flames
  - A more generic prompt, leaving more to the imagination of the VLM
    - A cat made out of ice playing with a fireball, Ultrarealistic, hyper realistic, 8k, high definition
  - A very generic prompt
    - A beautiful flower,  Ultrarealistic, hyper realistic, 8k, high definition

The thing these prompts have is the "modifiers" that instruct the VLM on the style of the images: "Ultrarealistic, hyper realistic, 8k, high definition" so we do not have to compare a picture in a painting style with a drawing and a manga, or w/e other style that exists out there.


Each prompt is used 3 times, with 3 different seeds - these values remain constant from each run to another:
- 9823746521
- 17482950637
- 65910248395

Due to computation limitations, the width and height have been hardcoded to 512x512 px. It takes about 2 minutes to generate a picture in 20 steps, so... with a lot of pictures to generate this was a compromise I made.

Sampler used in these was ddim. Reason? Theoretically it is faster, so that was a good enough reason. 

NOTE: The attached pictures to this post are generated by ChatGpt, to have a base to compare with a "standard" 